
Hi, I am Amr Sallam from egypt and I am a professional graphic designer with more than 3 years of experience. I am very passionate about my work and I always try to do my best to make my clients satisfied. I have a lot of experience in the following fields: - Logo Design - Stationery Design - Brochure Design - Web...
there is no limit for creativity and that's what I believe in. I am promising you that I will do my best to make your project successful and will be always with you until you are satisfied with the result. I am a full-time freelancer and I am flexible with my working hours and I am happy to work closely with any existing freelancers you work with. I look forward to hearing from you! Hi, I am Amr Sallam from egypt and I am a professional graphic designer with more than 3 years of experience. I am very passionate about my work and I always try to do my best to make my clients satisfied. I have a lot of experience in the following fields: - Logo Design - Stationery Design - Brochure Design - Web... Hi, I am Amr Sallam from egypt and I am a professional graphic designer with more than 3 years of experience. I am very passionate about my work and I always try to do my best to make my clients satisfied. I have a lot of experience in the following fields: - Logo Design - Stationery Design - Brochure Design - Web...
there is no limit for creativity and that's what I believe in. I am promising you that I will do my best to make your project successful and will be always with you until you are satisfied with the result. I am a full-time freelancer and I am flexible with my working hours and I am happy to work closely with any existing freelancers you work with. I look forward to hearing from you! Hi, I am Amr Sallam from egypt and I am a professional graphic designer with more than 3 years of experience. I am very passionate about my work and I always try to do my best to make my clients satisfied. I have a lot of experience in the following fields: - Logo Design - Stationery Design - Brochure Design - Web...